Update Suggested Path page with more info (#482)
DNNCommunity/DNNDocs: content/getting-started/setup/upgrades/suggested-upgrade-path/index.md

- DotNetNuke 5.2 - This version introduced the requirement for SQL 2005 and ASP.NET 3.5 SP1
- When upgrading from a version before 5.3.0 to after 5.3.0, you may encounter this error during the upgrade: “Type 'Web.HttpResponse' is not defined.” This error primarily occurs if an the XML module is already installed. To prevent this, please check PRIOR to upgrading if the XML module is installed in your DotNetNuke version. If it is installed, please upgrade it PRIOR to upgrading DotNetNuke to version 4.3.5, available on [DNN.XML Module on GitHub](https://github.com/DNNCommunity/DNN.XML)
- With the 7.0 release DotNetNuke has some additional changed pre-requisites, please see the [DNN 7 Developer Quick Start](https://www.dnnsoftware.com/wiki/dotnetnuke-70-developer-quick-start#Pre-requisites_0) for further details.
- In DNN 9.2.0, multiple APIs where removed that where marked deprecated in DNN 7 and before. Most of the core modules have been updated since and you can find them at [https://github.com/dnncommunity](https://github.com/dnncommunity). If you have other modules installed, please check for updates before upgrading beyond DNN 9.2.0

> - DotNetNuke 9.4 - This version introduced the base requirement for ASP.NET 4.7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DNN 9.4 introduced the base requirement for ASP.NET 4.7.2
```
